Rva (#175)
ncbi/elastic-blast-docs: docs/source/tutorials/tutorial-spot.rst

In `Table 3 of our ElasticBLAST article <https://bmcbioinformatics.biomedcentral.com/articles/10.1186/s12859-023-05245-9/tables/3/>`_, we show that ElasticBLAST runs well with discounted instances and costs less than on-demand instances.

``How to request discounted instance``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

You can request a spot (AWS) or preemptible (GCP) instance with ElasticBLAST by adding a line to your configuration file in the cluster section.  See the example below.  You use the same keyword ("use-preemptible") for both AWS and GCP.  You can read more about the :ref:`elb_use_preemptible` configuration variable.

.. code-block::

    [cluster]
    use-preemptible = yes

``What happens if the discounted instance is terminated?``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

If the discounted instance is terminated, ElasticBLAST will bid on a new instance and restart your batches (i.e., your BLAST searches).  No action will be required on your part.

> You will lose a minimal amount of work if the instance is terminated. ElasticBLAST works through your queries in batches and saves the results of a batch to a cloud bucket (S3 in AWS or GCS in GCP), so only the work for the currently running batch will be lost.  According to `AWS Spot Instance Advisor page <https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/spot/instance-advisor>`_, the average frequency of interruption across all regions and instances is less than 5% (accessed July 24, 2023).

Reviewer: This paragraph makes an impression that the search results for the batches that were run on a terminated instance are lost. How about these few changes:
```suggestion
You will lose a minimal amount of time if the instance is terminated. ElasticBLAST works through your queries in batches and saves the results of a batch to a cloud bucket (S3 in AWS or GCS in GCP), so only the work for the currently running batch will be repeated.  According to `AWS Spot Instance Advisor page <https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/spot/instance-advisor>`_, the average frequency of interruption across all regions and instances is less than 5% (accessed July 24, 2023).
```
